README.md, before:

# Pretenders Calculator for Dominions 5

Deployed application: http://pretenders5.testingmagic.ovh/

## Description

A calculator for [Dominions 5](http://www.illwinter.com/dom5/). It allows to pick magic, dominion scale etc. first and then it shows what chassis for Pretenders are the cheapest.﻿

It is writen in [React](https://reactjs.org/) framework.

## Installation

npm install (once)
npm run build

## Changelog
- Version 1.10.1: Fix some typos. Update many bless effects. Update many Pretendent costs. Fix paths for Dragon (id 216).
- Version 1.10.0: Move bless effects section below all input firms. Add buttons for resetting all points, resetting magic points and resetting scale points. Copy info about nation bless bonus and favorite temperature to appropriate sections. Fix text color and cursor shape of the "Show all bless list" button.
- Version 1.9.4: Upgrade node modules.
- Version 1.9.3: Fix missing paths for: Raksharani, Sapa Inca, Ayar.
- Version 1.9.2: Fix missing paths for: Divine Glyph, Statue of War, Statue of War, Idol of Sorcery.
- Version 1.9.1: Fix missing paths for: Great Sorceress, Phoenix, Smoking Mirror, Bouda Father, Vampire Queen, King of Frozen Bones, Baphomet, Celestial Lion, Solar Eagle, Virtue, Dog of the Underworld, Hound of Hades, Bog Mummy, Scorpion King, Myrmecoleon, Hieracosphinx, Golden Lion, Moloch, Sphinx, Risen Oracle, Ahura of the Oath, Daeva of Wrath, Immortal Coya, Bolon-ti-ku, Hun Balam, Demon Macaw, Carrion Dragon, Devourer of Souls.
- Version 1.9.0: Add LA Phlegra nation.
- Version 1.8.2: Fix MA Mictlan bless bunus points. Fix missing paths for some pretenders (mostly F and D paths for titans).
- Version 1.8.0: Remove Smoking Mirror from Xibalba. New Pretenders: Bone Mother, Enkidu Great Sage for Ur, Great Camazotz for Xibalba,  Titan of the Spring, Titan of Growth, Titan of the Hunt, Titan of the Crossroads, Grey Ones for Mediterranean realm.
- Version 1.7.0: Stable two columns layout on wide screens.
- Version 1.6.0: Footer with some informations.
- Version 1.5.0: Two columns layout for wide screens.
- Version 1.4.0: Selectable path letters in the pretenders table.
- Version 1.3.0: Smaller font size for pretenders id.
- Version 1.2.0: Less info in the debug bar.
- Version 1.1.0: New favicon.
- Version 1.0.0: Title for the page.
- Version 0.9.8: Finished short descriptions for bless effects.
- Version 0.9.7: The first published version.

Commit message:

Update version number to 1.11.0 and update README

README.md, after:

# Pretenders Calculator for Dominions 5

Deployed application: http://pretenders5.testingmagic.ovh/

## Description

A calculator for [Dominions 5](http://www.illwinter.com/dom5/). It allows to pick magic, dominion scale etc. first and then it shows what chassis for Pretenders are the cheapest.﻿

It is writen in [React](https://reactjs.org/) framework.

## Installation

```
npm install
npm run build
```

## Changelog
- Version 1.11.0: Update to Dominions 5.39. Most data are now generated by a script from [dom5inspector data](https://github.com/larzm42/dom5inspector/tree/gh-pages/gamedata).
- Version 1.10.1: Fix some typos. Update many bless effects. Update many Pretendent costs. Fix paths for Dragon (id 216).
- Version 1.10.0: Move bless effects section below all input firms. Add buttons for resetting all points, resetting magic points and resetting scale points. Copy info about nation bless bonus and favorite temperature to appropriate sections. Fix text color and cursor shape of the "Show all bless list" button.
- Version 1.9.4: Upgrade node modules.
- Version 1.9.3: Fix missing paths for: Raksharani, Sapa Inca, Ayar.
- Version 1.9.2: Fix missing paths for: Divine Glyph, Statue of War, Statue of War, Idol of Sorcery.
- Version 1.9.1: Fix missing paths for: Great Sorceress, Phoenix, Smoking Mirror, Bouda Father, Vampire Queen, King of Frozen Bones, Baphomet, Celestial Lion, Solar Eagle, Virtue, Dog of the Underworld, Hound of Hades, Bog Mummy, Scorpion King, Myrmecoleon, Hieracosphinx, Golden Lion, Moloch, Sphinx, Risen Oracle, Ahura of the Oath, Daeva of Wrath, Immortal Coya, Bolon-ti-ku, Hun Balam, Demon Macaw, Carrion Dragon, Devourer of Souls.
- Version 1.9.0: Add LA Phlegra nation.
- Version 1.8.2: Fix MA Mictlan bless bunus points. Fix missing paths for some pretenders (mostly F and D paths for titans).
- Version 1.8.0: Remove Smoking Mirror from Xibalba. New Pretenders: Bone Mother, Enkidu Great Sage for Ur, Great Camazotz for Xibalba,  Titan of the Spring, Titan of Growth, Titan of the Hunt, Titan of the Crossroads, Grey Ones for Mediterranean realm.
- Version 1.7.0: Stable two columns layout on wide screens.
- Version 1.6.0: Footer with some informations.
- Version 1.5.0: Two columns layout for wide screens.
- Version 1.4.0: Selectable path letters in the pretenders table.
- Version 1.3.0: Smaller font size for pretenders id.
- Version 1.2.0: Less info in the debug bar.
- Version 1.1.0: New favicon.
- Version 1.0.0: Title for the page.
- Version 0.9.8: Finished short descriptions for bless effects.
- Version 0.9.7: The first published version.
